DOCS-85: Update docs for SELECT ... FROM ... FINAL (#7723)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/select.md

To execute a query, all the columns listed in the query are extracted from the appropriate table. Any columns not needed for the external query are thrown out of the subqueries.
If a query does not list any columns (for example, `SELECT count() FROM t`), some column is extracted from the table anyway (the smallest one is preferred), in order to calculate the number of rows.

#### FINAL Modifier {#select-from-final}

Appliable when selecting data from tables of the [MergeTree](../operations/table_engines/mergetree.md)-engine family excepting `GraphiteMergeTree`. When `FINAL` is specified, ClickHouse select fully merged data.

Also supported for:
- [Replicated](../operations/table_engines/replication.md) versions of `MergeTree` engines.
- [View](../operations/table_engines/view.md), [Buffer](../operations/table_engines/buffer.md), [Distributed](../operations/table_engines/distributed.md), [MaterializedView](../operations/table_engines/materializedview.md) engines that operate over other engines, if they created over `MergeTree`-engine tables.

> The queries that use `FINAL` are executed slowly, because:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The queries that use `FINAL` are executed slower than similar queries that don't, because:
```

- Queries with `FINAL` read primary key columns additionally to the columns specified in the query.

> - Query is executed in a single thread, and data is merged during query execution.

Reviewer: second point should usually have much more influence, so I'd swap them

> In the most cases, avoid using `FINAL`.

Reviewer: Needs explanation on how to do that (rewrite queries assuming that there are duplicates in source rows, using GROUP BY over primary key and proper aggregate functions). Maybe more detailed guides could be placed on `***MergeTree` engine pages.

Author: Added it to task on the MergeTree description update.
